# ðŸš€ Weekly Team Meeting Minutes

**Start Time** 9:30am

**End Time** 10:40am

**Location** Discord

**Date** Sept 16th 2022

## ðŸ‘‹ Attendence

1. Matt
2. Veronica
3. Logan
4. Edouard

***Attendence Comments***

## ðŸ§¸ Check-In

- Dad joke of the day

## Announcements

- GitStats are due Friday
- Peer testing report is due (next) Friday
  - Prepare for the report this week for peer testing
- Peer Testing on Wed and Friday

## Last Week (Restrospective)

- Feedback from usability tasks
  - TA really liked our tasks
  - We should have more working cases
    - Should make questions for user testing
- Unit tests
  - 3 pass, expect corrupt wav file case fails

## This Week  

### Peer Testing

- Peer testing is complete, made a release for peer testing
- Have the peers use the Kukerella's front-end:
  - If there is more time then the user should create audio files from the site, they would re-name the file
- Including questions about the video and voice-synch
- All cases have been tested!

## Client Meeting

- Not sure...

## Additional Notes

- API might not be the best option, may cause some issues for our package and the way it runs
  
- SVG.js might not be the best option