# üöÄ Weekly Team Meeting Minutes

**Start Time** 10:05

**End Time** 10:35

**Location** Discord

**Date** March 13, 2023

## üëã Attendence

1. Veronica
2. Matt
3. Ed
4. Logan

Attendance Notes:

- Veronica will be out of town on Friday, March 17

## üÉè Joke of the Day

On my first day at astronaut training, I vomited and asked the instructor, "Is this normal?"

He said, "Not during a written exam, no."

## üì¢ Announcements

- This week:
  - Prototype Demo Video 2 due Tuesday, March 14
  - Peer Testing II sessions are on March 15 and 17
    - Reminder to use [Google Form](https://forms.gle/GUEYYzDdRwFAgYWn6)
  - Gistats Week 23 due March 17
- Upcoming:
  - Peer Evaluation on March 24
  - Peer Testing Report II on March 24
  - Our Final Presentation is at 3:45 pm on April 12
  - Wings Wednesday on April 12th, more details TBD

## üìÖ Last Week (Restrospective)

- Matt submitted Gitstats, but the tests were running and would complete but the PR wouldn't say it was OK to merge. Had to force merge.
- We really focused on performance last week.
  - Ed made a performance report in docs>reports>testing
  - When we run everything on the AWS instance:
    - things are running faster with multiple requests compared to local
    - CPU usage was low (not sure why)
    - The benchmark (~1 min 30 sec) is still a bit high

## üìã This Week

- Ed will check the GitHub tests to try and see why they were blocking PR merges after running and passing
- Documentation
  - Ed will create draft PR
  - V can get rid of the timeline/course info.
  - Need to link the README to the API and tooling documentation
  - V will add screenshot(s) to tooling
  - Matt is interested in converting to GitHub pages afterwards
- Prototype Demo video
  - we'll work on it tomorrow
  - we can have a video of our character explaining everything in the corner while we screen record
- Performance
  - See report from Ed and Matt last week
  - We could test on a Windows server as well to see if the issue is Linux-specific or Global
  - We could ask Erik for some of his time to see if he has any advice
- Assets
  - We are currently using temporary poses
  - The client recently passed on the request to the artist
  - Once recieved, we'll need to export the assets for our file setup

## ü§ù Client Meeting

- Meeting this week to listen to Team B?
